---
layout: post
title:  "My resume"
author: Curt Poff
date:   2015-05-27 11:25:09
categories: general
---
We've been playing around with static site generators. Since I'm already using GitHub and Pages it seemed only logical that I use for testing. Jekyll is pretty straightforward so far. Let's see how I can make this easier.

Meanwhile, here's my resume:

**Curt Poff
Portland Oregon
(510) 229-­7964  
curt.poff@gmail.com**

**PERSONAL SUMMARY**
I’m an ambitious problem solver who is new to the programming game. I’m still refining my code skills, but I bring 15 years of professional Web production experience. I’m a reliable, ambitious problem solver who is looking for a front-end developer potion with a great company. Preferably one that puts value in having fun.

**CRITICAL SKILLS**
—Proficient in HTML5, CSS, JavaScript (Node, Angular), Bootstrap, text editors and packages/plug-ins/tools, Git, Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop), Web analytics (Omniture SiteCatalyst, Google). I also have extensive experience using database-­driven content management systems and Agile project management.

**EXPERIENCE**
Student - Full Stack Javascript Immersion program
Portland Code School, present - Aug. 2015 —Over 500 hours of hands-on experience, building full-stack web applications with JavaScript using Node.js, MVC framework, and Test-Driven Development.

Senior Producer - Interactive
Walmart.com, San Bruno, Calif., Jan. 2013 - Nov. 2014 —Senior member of the web producer team in the Creative department in the Walmart.com Customer Experience group. 

Online Managing Editor, Senior Web Producer, Product Manager
Macworld/PCWorld, San Francisco, Calif., Feb. 2005 - Jan. 2013 —Owned and managed all editorial products (home pages, index and article pages), publishing platform (CMS), and live events through the entire product lifecycle. Moved from a position where I launched and maintained core editorial products, into one where I was responsible the overall success of the entire editorial product line.
—Recipient of the 2008 Macworld/PCWorld Leadership Award.

Online Editor
Arizona Republic, Phoenix Ariz., Aug. 2001 - Feb. 2005

Web Producer
KGW ­ NewsChannel 8, Portland Ore., April 2000 - June 2001

**EDUCATION**
B.S. in History, Portland State University

